Novel, please help me testify that I didn't cheat?
I can prove it.
Everything Li Yangchen said is true
Although Xia Meng is my niece
But he was wrong first
The sea will never protect me in summer
Xia Meng cheated
The servants of the family, this is what I saw with my own eyes
Uncle Joe, what are you talking about?
When did I cheat?
Xia Mo doesn't even help your relatives
It can be seen that you are such a vicious woman.
Sister Tang must admit when she makes a mistake
It's not that everyone can't forgive you
But you don't admit it
It's boring.
I didn't expect Mrs. Xia to actually cheat
Even his relatives say so
Definitely can't do it
I see.
You do it together.
Parents who want to take my dad away from me
Xiaomeng, stop fooling around
I'll tell you what.
The chairperson of the Pangu Group will arrive soon
At that time, Xia's Group will receive orders worth tens of billions of yuan
The driving group can develop to this point
It's me and Mr. Li
It's not you.
Yes, after tonight
The board of directors will issue a resolution
Kick you Xia Meng out of the ranks of shareholders
Aren't you afraid of lightning strikes when you make needles and threads?
Who is yelling at my party?
Su Mingyue, chairperson of Pangu Group, arrived